it's stunt dead so Cain and his crew
want to get an early start on setting
the record high speed nose wheelie the
current record 98 miles an hour my
personal goal is 135 miles an hour to
set the bar so high up that no other
rider wants to even attempt at any time
soon my biggest concern with the stunt
is wrecking there's really four ways
that I could wreck first most likely
would be to lock the front not even be
able to pull up the endo because of all
the wind forces to be pushing out me at
150 miles an hour and if I don't release
the front brake in time could very
easily tuck out from underneath me and I
could find myself sliding on the ground
before I knew what happened the second
way would be a tank slapper I'm on the
front tire everything's going fine front
ends I saw sleep next thing I know on
the ground sliding a third way would be
for me to real bump into an end of
the back end of the motorcycle starts to
drift so I panic let off the front brake
causing the back tire to come back down
sharply it could very easily clean me up
and over the handlebars and then finally
the most dangerous worst-case scenario
would be for me to apply too much
breaking once the back tire comes up off
the ground and to just go endo up and
over and had the bike lab directly on
top of me at 150 miles an hour and grind
me to a stop not fun
Oh time to kick it up man all right here
he goes
i'm watching eat 101 hang 10 about 90
their idea he comes it's like it was
about 92
where you got one funny
going to fifth gear well here you go
Oh
on 24 yeah
now I'm not to be such a wuss we've
already destroyed the other rocket we're
well above it it's a victory but still
far short of his personal goal of 135
well so warming up I'm definitely us
gonna keep pushing here he comes
and
locked up at 126 126 I think that last
ten miles an hour is gonna be a big ten
miles an hour 120 to 140 miles an hour
is this crazy no the wind at that speed
if you pick your head up I mean it's
just like it wants to get ripped off
here comes
third
horn
sixth
137 I think we got it
137 you've killed it all right can be
quick now not only decane friesen defy
gravity overcome wind resistance and
mastered the art of controlling torque
he smashed the world record for the
fastest nose wheelie by nearly 40 miles
an hour